Hi.
Let's continue.
So let me first click on clusters and here we have this Fargate demo cluster and you can see we have
one service which is already defined.
So let me create one more service.
Let me click on this task already having 2 tasks which I had created in the previous lectures.
So simply let me add one task from here.
Run new task.
And launch type.
I want.
It should be Fargate because my cluster is Fargate operating system Linux.
And here you can see I have task definition.
Earlier it was showing only one task that is first run task definition.
Now you can see it is showing 2 task.
So this task I had created in the previous lecture.
So let me select this one.
And this is my platform version, I want this task should be the part of this cluster.
Fargate demo cluster number of tasks I want.
It should be running 1 and VPC.
I want it should be my VPC subnets here.
I'm going to select public.
Else you can select all the subnets.
No worries for that.
In the subnets, you have to select all the subnets.
But here I am choosing only the public because it's a testing one only.
And security groups.
I have already having one security.
So let me choose this one.
So in this security group, I have allowed few ports like HTTP, https, 80, and after that I'm going
to run task.
So this task has been successfully added to this cluster.
So once you will add the task to the cluster, then only it would be executed.
Now you can see it is in provisioning.
State means it is in creation.
And this is the task ID.
Now all are running.
So my task was this one.
This one.
And.
This is the IP.
Let me copy this IP.
And pasted here, now you can see it is opening the page.
We have defined 80 port while configuring the tasks.
That's why we are not suppose to provide 80.
If I would have taken 81, then I have to provide after that / app1.
Inside this we have index dot.
html, so here you can see.
So I've taken all the options to explain you.
So this is one way.
In the next lecture, I'm going to create a service, and in the service I'm going to take this task.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.